#summary Step-by-step building morda in Windows

=Step-by-step building morda in Windows using MinGW and MSYS=

 # *MSYS*
   * Download *mingw-get-inst-20120426.exe* from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/files/Installer/mingw-get-inst/mingw-get-inst-20120426/ here] and run it. Follow installation instructions bearing in mind the following:
     * When it asks about *Repository Catalogues* select "Use pre-packaged repository catalogues". Do NOT use "Download latest repository catalogues" because it will install g++ version 4.7 which is not stable yet and has bugs affecting *morda*.
     * When it asks about which components to install, select the following:
       * C Compiler
       * C++ Compiler
       * MSYS Basic System
       * MinGW Developer !ToolKit
 # *SlikSVN*
   * Download *SlikSVN* from [http://www.sliksvn.com/en/download here], choose the package depending on your system, 32 or 64 bit.
   * Run the installer and follow instructions. Typical installation should be enough.
   * Open MSYS console (Start menu/MinGW/MinGW Shell). Note, that disks *C:*, *D:* etc. are mounted as */c* and */d* and so on. In the home folder create file called *.bashrc* with the following contents:
     * {{{export PATH=$PATH:/c/Program\ Files/SlikSvn/bin}}}
 # *ting*
   * Check out *ting* sources to some directory, say */d/ting*:
     * {{{svn co http://ting.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ /d/ting}}}
   * {{{cd /d/ting}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *stob*
   * Check out *stob* sources to some directory, say */d/stob*:
     * {{{svn co http://stob.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ /d/stob}}}
   * {{{cd /d/stob}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *GLEW*
   * Download *GLEW* sources from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/glew/files/glew/1.9.0/glew-1.9.0.zip/download here] and unzip them to some directory, say */d*. Then the sources will reside in */d/glew-1.9.0*.
   * {{{cd /d/glew-1.9.0}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *zlib*
   * Download *zlib* sources from [http://zlib.net/zlib-1.2.8.tar.gz here] and unpack them to some directory, say */d*, then the sources will reside in */d/zlib-1.2.8*.
   * {{{cd /d/zlib-1.2.8}}}
   * {{{make -f win32/Makefile.gcc}}}
   * {{{make -f win32/Makefile.gcc install INCLUDE_PATH=/usr/local/include LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib BINARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib}}}
 # *libpng*
   * Download *libpng* sources from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/libpng/files/libpng16/1.6.0/lpng160.zip/download here] and unzip sources to some directory, say */d*, then sources will reside in */d/lpng160*.
   * {{{cd /d/lpng160}}}
   * {{{cp scripts/makefile.msys makefile}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *libjpeg*
   * Download *libjpeg* sources from [http://ijg.org/files/jpegsrc.v9.tar.gz here] and untargz them to some directory, say */d*, then sources will reside in */d/jpeg-9*. Note, that it is important to download tar.gz package, NOT .zip one.
   * {{{cd /d/jpeg-9}}}
   * {{{./configure}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *libfreetype*
   * Download *libfreetype* sources from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/freetype/files/freetype2/2.4.11/freetype-2.4.11.tar.gz/download here] and untargz them to some directory, say */d*, then sources will reside in */d/freetype-2.4.11*.
   * {{{cd /d/freetype-2.4.11}}}
   * {{{./configure}}}
   * {{{make}}}
   * {{{make install}}}
 # *morda*
   * Check out *morda* sources to some directory, say */d/morda*:
     * {{{svn co http://morda.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ /d/morda}}}
     * {{{cd /d/morda}}}
     * {{{make}}}
     * {{{make test}}}